DCinjection Start frequency of shutdown DC brake: 0.00~ [F0.05] upper limit frequency
braking Brake time: 0.0~30.0s; Brake current: 0.0%~50.0% rated voltage of the motor
Low noise operation Carrier frequency 2.0KHZ~20.0KHZ is i ly adjustable to minimize motor noise
counter One internal counter for easy system integration
) Upper and lower limit frequency setting, frequency jump ti tion limit, turn difference
Run the function frequency compensation, RS$485 communication, frequency mcreasmg, decreasmg control, fault self-recovery
operation, etc

show

; Output frequency, output current, output voltage, motor speed set frequency, module temperature,
running state
PID setting, feedback amount, analog input and output, e

operating

panel is

The alarm Record multiple operating parameters, such as output frequency, set frequency, output current,
content output voltage, DC voltage, and module temperature, during the latest fault

defencive function

Over current, over voltage, under voltage, module fault, electronic thermal relay, overheating, short
circuit, internal memory fault, etc

ambient temperature -10°C ~ +40°C (ambient temperature is 40°C ~50°C, please decrease for use)
The surrounding humidity 5% ~ 95% RH, anhydrous bead condensation
surrounding environment Indoor (no direct sunlight, ion, fl ble gas, no oil fog, dust, etc.)
height Over 1000 meters, 10% for every 1000 meters
levels of protection 1P20
structure
cooling-down method Air-cooled, with fan control
way to install Wall hanging type, cabinet type

3. Installation and wiring of the frequency converter

3.1 Notes for installation

danger

1. Before wiring, please confirm that the input power supply is cut off.

Danger of electric shock and fire.

2. Ask electrical engineering professionals to conduct wiring operations.

Danger of electric shock and fire.

3. The grounding terminal must be reliably grounded.

(380V: Special 3rd earth)
Danger of electric shock and fire.

4. After the emergency stop terminal is connected, it must check whether the

action is effective.
There was a danger of injury.(The wiring responsibility is borne by the user)

5. Do not touch the output terminal directly. The output terminal of the frequency

converter is
Risk of having an electric shock and causing a short circuit.

6. Always install the terminal cover before power on. When removing the outer

cover, always
Risk of electric shock.

7. Cut off the power supply, and wait 5 to 8 minutes to let the remaining power in

the machine
There is a danger of residual voltage on the electrolytic capacitor.

8. Non-professional technical personnel, do not check and conduct maintenance work.

Risk of electric shock.

AN

