3.7 Description of the main control board jumper line

J1
File It means that the master control panel is ground
OFF keep off Indicates the master panel ground off (default off)
J2
AVO file | Indicates the analog volume AO output voltage signal, 0-10V
ACO keep off | Represents the analog AO output current signal, 0-20 mA
J4
Indicates that selecting a built-in keyboard
P-Ifile potentiometer (the default is valid)
P-E keep off It represents selection of an external keyboard
J5
AVI keep off | Indicates the analog Al input voltage signal, 0-10V
ACI keep off | Represents the analog Al input current signal, 0-20 mA

3.8 Wiring precautions

(D When replacing the motor, the input power supply of the frequency converter must be switched off.

@ switch the motor or the power frequency power supply only when the frequency converter stops output.

(® In order to minimize the influence of electromagnetic interference, when the electromagnetic contactor and
relay used are equally close to the frequency converter, the additional surge absorption device should be
considered.

(® Do not connect the AC input power supply to the frequency converter output terminals U, V, W.

(® The external control line of the frequency converter should be equipped with an isolation device or a shielding line.

(® The input command signal line should be wired separately besides shielding, preferably away from the main circuit line.

(D When the carrier frequency is less than 4 KHz, the maximum distance between the frequency converter and the motor
should be within 50 meters. When the carrier frequency is greater than 4 KHz, this distance should be reduced
appropriately, and the wiring should be laid in the metal pipe.

When the frequency converter is equipped with peripheral equipment (filters, reactors, etc.), the insulation resistance to
the ground should be measured first with a 1000 volt to megohm meter, to ensure that it is not low after 4 megohm.

© The phase capacitor or resistance absorber can not be installed at the output ends of the frequency converter U, V and W.

@0 If the frequency converter needs to start frequently, do not turn off the power supply. The COM / RUN of the control
terminal must be used for start and stop operation to avoid damage to the rectification bridge.

@ I orderto prevent accidents, grounding terminal G must be reliably grounded (grounding impedance should be below
100 Q), otherwise there will be leakage situation.

@ When the main circuit wiring, please choose the wiring diameter specifications in accordance with the relevant
provisions of the national electrical regulations.

4. protocol

1. RTU mode and format

When the controller communicates on the Modbus bus in RTU mode, every 8-bit bytes in the information is divided into
two 4-bit 16-decimal characters. The main advantage of this mode is that the density of its transmitted characters is higher
than the ASCII mode at the same baud rate, and each information must be transmitted continuously.
(1) The format of each byte in the RTU mode

Coding system: 8-bit binary, hex-system 0-9, A-F.

Data bit: 1 starting bit, 8 bits of data (low send first), stop bit for 1 bit, parity bit can be selected.(Reference RTU data frame
is the sequence diagram

Error check zone: cyclic redundancy check (CRC).

(2) RTU data frame bit sequence diagram

tape parity check

(o [0 [ 2 5 a5 o7 ] 5 ] v ]om]
No odd parity

[ [ [ 2 [ [0 o] 7] o]

7
