5. exception handling

Common anomalies and countermeasures in Table 4-2:

abnormal phenomena

Possible causes and countermeasures

The keyboard is not displayed|

Check whether the power failure, whether t! p supply is short of phase, and whether
the input power supply cord is wrongly connected

The keyboard is not
displayed, but the
in-machine charging
indicator light is on

Check whether there are problems in the wiring and socket related to the keyboard, and measure
the voltage of the control power supply in the machine to confirm whether the switching power
supply works normally. If the switching power supply does not work normally, check whether the
tch power supply inlet line (+, ) socket is well connected, whether the vibration is damaged or
the voltage regulator pipe is normal.

The motor The motor has a buzzing
does not turn sound

The motor load is too heavy, try to reduce the load

No abnormalities
were found

Confirm whether it is in the trip state or has not reset after the trip, whether it is in the state of
power drop agaln whether the keyboard has been reset, whether it has entered the program
running stat ulti-speed running state, specific running state or non-running state, can try
the method of restormg the factory value

Confirm that the running instruction is given

Check that the operating frequency is setto 0

The motor cannot increase and
slow down smoothly

T I decel . P 1 2 . 1 Ten] . .
pprog time

The current limit is set too small, and the limit is increased

Overvoltage protection action during deceleration to increase the deceleration time

The carrier frequency setting is not appropriate, the load is too heavy or the oscillation occurs

Heavy load, and insufficient torque. V/ F mode increase torque value, if stlll cant meet the

equirements, can switch to simple vector control m ode, pay attention to t or parameters
should match the actual value, if still can not meet the requirements, it is recommended to switch
to advanced vector control mode, still pay attention to the motor parameters is consistent with the
actual value, and the best motor parameter tuning.

Motor power does not match the frequency converter power. Set the motor p 1 tual value

T+l Pl 1
E 5

One tow the torque lift mode to the manual lift mode

The motor can rotate but cannot
adjust the speed

The upper and lower frequency limits are not appropriate

The frequency setting is low, or the frequency gain setting is too small

Check whether the used speed regulation mode coincides with the set frequency given

The motor can rotate but cannot
adjust the speed

Check whether the load is too heavy and is in the overvoltage stall or overcurrent limit state

h

The load fluctuates frequently

| parameters
1 1val

Frequency settir poor contact or frequency given signal fluctuation. Change to a
given mode of d1g1ta1 frequency or increase the filter time constant of the analog input signal

The motor rotates in the opposite
direction

Adjust the phase sequence of the output terminals U, V, and W

Set the running direction (F0.12=1) to reverse

For directional uncertainty caused by output phase deficiency, check the motor wiring immediately

Table 4-2 Common abnormal phenomena and countermeasures

6. parameter declaration

O - -Parameters that can be modified in any state- -Parameters that cannot be modified in running state 4 - -actual
detection parameters, unable to modify <> - -manufacturer parameters, only by the manufacturer and prohibited
by users

FO group-Basic running parameters

FC name content Set the scope ngtt.‘,’,'g’ change
. 0: General mode
Functional 1 Smgle pump constant pressure water supply mode
F0.00 | macro 2~3: K 0~10 0 X
definition 4: Engraver machine mode
5~10: Hold on

